---
title:  英语一2001Text1
--- 

Specialisation can be seen as a response to the problem of an increasing accumulation of scientific knowledge. 


By splitting up the subject matter into smaller units，one man could continue to handle the information and use it as the basis <span class="answer">基础</span> for further research. 

看到这句化就要想到By doing sth,主 谓 宾这个句式
But specialisation was only one of a series of related developments in science affecting the process of communication. Another was the growing professionalisation of scientific activity. 

No clear-cut(<span class="answer">清晰的</span>) distinction can be drawn between professionals and amateurs in science: exceptions can be found to any rule. 

Q:如何区分同位语从句与定语从句?
A:举个例子I have a theory that xxxxxx:若xxxx是理论的内容而不是给理论定性或者与理论有关的其他则是同位语从句


Nevertheless, the word “amateur” does carry a <mark>connotation</mark>(<span class="answer">含义,隐含的意义</span>) that the person concerned is not fully integrated into the scientific community and, in particular, may not fully share its values. The growth of specialisation in the nineteenth century, with its consequent requirement of a longer, more complex training, implied greater problems for amateur participation in science. 


The <mark>trend</mark> was naturally most obvious in those areas of science based especially on a mathematical or laboratory training, and can be illustrated in terms of the development of geology in the United Kingdom.
这个趋势指的是上文的The growth of ...

A comparison of British geological publications over the last century and a half reveals not simply an increasing emphasis on the primacy of research, but also a changing definition of what constitutes an acceptable research paper.
Constitute <span class="answer">组成</span>
constitution <span class="answer">宪法</span>
institute <span class="answer">机构</span>
  
  
Thus, in the nineteenth century, local geological studies represented worthwhile research in their own right; but, in the twentieth century, local studies have increasingly become acceptable to professionals only if they incorporate, and reflect on, the wider geological picture.

Amateurs, on the other hand, have continued to pursue local studies in the old way.

The overall result has been to make entrance to professional geological journals harder for amateurs, a result that has been reinforced by the widespread introduction of <mark>refereeing</mark><span class="answer">裁判,审阅</span>, first by national journals in the nineteenth century and then by several local geological journals in the twentieth century. 


As a logical consequence of this development, separate journals have now appeared aimed mainly towards either professional or amateur readership.



A <mark>rather</mark> similar process of differentiation has led to professional geologists coming together nationally within one or two specific societies, whereas the amateurs have tended either to remain in local societies or to come together nationally in a different way.

- Q:Rather 若后面接的不是than可以直接理解为
- A:<span class="answer">very</span>
- Q:whereas做连词翻译为
- A:though



Although the process of professionalisation and specialisation was already well under way in British geology during the nineteenth century, its full consequences were thus delayed until the twentieth century. In science generally, however, the nineteenth century must be reckoned as the crucial period for this change in the structure of science.
