---
title:  英语一2000Text5
--- 
If ambition is to be well regarded, the rewards of ambition—wealth, distinction, control[^1] over one’s destiny—must be deemed[^2] worthy[^3] of the sacrifices made on ambition’s behalf. 

If the tradition of ambition is to have vitality, it must be widely shared; and it especially must be highly regarded by people who are themselves admired, the educated not least[^4] among them. 

In an odd[^5] way, however, it is the educated who have claimed to have given up on ambition as an ideal.

What is odd is that they have perhaps most benefited from ambition—if not always their <mark>own</mark> then <mark>that</mark> of their parents and grandparents.
>own 与that 指代前面的ambition


There is a heavy note of hypocrisy[^6] in this, a <mark>case</mark> of closing the barn door after the horses have escaped—with the educated themselves riding on them. 
>case 为hypocrisy的同位语.自己骑着马跑了还把别人的门关了

Certainly people do not seem less interested in success and its signs now than formerly.

Summer homes, European travel, BMWs—the locations, place names and name brands may change, but such items do not seem less in demand today than a decade or two years ago.

What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and openly as once they could, lest they be thought pushing, acquisitive and vulgar.

Instead, we are treated to fine hypocritical spectacles[^7], which now more than ever seem in ample supply: the critic of American materialism with a Southampton summer home; the publisher of radical books who takes his meals in three-star restaurants; the journalist advocating participatory democracy in all phases of life, whose own children are enrolled in private schools.

For such people and many more perhaps not so exceptional, the proper formulation is, “Succeed at all costs but avoid appearing ambitious.” 

The attacks on ambition are many and come from various angles; its public defenders are few and unimpressive, where they are not extremely unattractive. 

As a result, the support for ambition as a healthy impulse, a quality to be admired and fixed in the mind of the young, is probably lower than it has ever been in the United States. 

<mark>This does not mean that ambition is at an end, that people no longer feel its stirrings and promptings, but only that, no longer openly honored, it is less openly professed. 
</mark>
> this doesn't mean that A, that B but that C


Consequences follow from this, of course, some of which are that ambition is driven underground, or made sly. 

Such, then, is the <mark>way</mark> things stand:  <mark>on the left angry critics, on the right stupid supporters, and in the middle, as usual, the majority of earnest people trying to get on in life.</mark>
> - way 特殊在其能单独接后面的句子做后面句子的状语 I like the way you sing
> - Such 指代后面整个句子

[^1]: control over: 对于...的控制
[^2]: Deem = regard ,deem A as be 
[^3]: be worthy of something:to deserve to be thought about or treated in a particular way
[^4]: not leaste 翻译成尤其是
[^5]: 记单词一定要记词性,odd名词做逆境,奇数,adj:奇怪的,Against all odds 排除万难
[^6]: hypocrisy n.虚伪 hypocritical.虚伪的
[^7]: 场景,景观
